In addition, please submit a 1 page summary.txt file – t
his should contain the name and description of your 
project (4-5 sentences), describe which of the categories 
you used from the above, and the actual work breakdown (who did what).

Project Name: 
The Cosine Stock Prophecy

Categories:	
• Information Networks (Web-Search, Web-Scraping)			
• Document Search (Information Retrieval, Cosine Similarity)


Project Description:
For our project we built a tool that helps people find stocks to
invest in. The user inputs their name, along with a stock they
are currently interested in, and can choose to search stocks based on
their sector or their current market trend. Finally the user selects 
whether they want to receive a single stock recommendation, or an entire
portfolio recommendation comprised of 10 stocks. Our project works by first 
using Jsoup to pull current data about the specific stock the user input
into a new Stock object. Next Jsoup connects to a url on tradingview.com t
hat changes based on the trend/sector the user selected and creates an
ArrayList of Stocks from the scraped data. Finally the stocks are
converted into vectors containing each stock,s price, daily percent change,
volume, market cap, price-to-earnings ratio, and earnings per share as the 
weights and the cosine similarity is calculated between the chosen stock
and each of the ones in the ArrayList. If the user selects a single stock, 
the stock with the highest cosine similarity is recommended to the user 
and if the user selects a portfolio the stocks with the 10 highest cosine 
similarities are recommended.

Who did what:
Emanuel - The webscraping part that pulls an ArrayList of stocks from 
tradingview.com and the webscraping that finds data on the stock the user 
input's from finance.yahoo.com
Brendan - Initially set up the UI in GUI.java. Also handled converting the 
stocks into vectors and creating functions for finding the dotproduct, 
magnitude, and cosine similarities of the stock vectors.
Together - Finalizing the UI, determining how to return our recommendation 
to the user, and figuring out how to implement offering the user different 
search options for finding a stock.